
# Kloud51

By using Kloud51's ("Kloud51", "our", "us" or "we") products and services, you
("you", "your", "Client" or "Customer") agree to comply with our policies.

**WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY FOR THE DATA AND CONTENT TRANSMITTED THROUGH OR TEMPORARILY OR PERMANENTLY STORED ON OUR NETWORK OR ANY SERVER AND FOR THE ACTIONS OR OMISSION OF USERS.**

## INTERPRETATION

##

The provisions of this AUP are intended as guidelines and are not meant to be
exhaustive. Generally, conduct that violates law, regulation, or the accepted
norms of the Internet community, whether or not expressly mentioned in this
AUP, are prohibited. We reserve the right at all times to prohibit activities
that damage our or our affiliates' commercial reputation and goodwill. We will
be the sole and final arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of our
policies.

## ILLEGAL USE

Our products and services may be used only for lawful purposes. Transmission
of, distribution of, storage of, or linking to any material in violation of
any applicable law or regulation is prohibited. This includes, without
limitation, material protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret or other
intellectual property rights used without proper authorization, and material
that is defamatory, constitutes an illegal threat, violates export control
laws.

## SPAM

##

All users must comply with all relevant legislation and regulations on bulk
and commercial e-mail, including but not limited to the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003.

Users may not send mass unsolicited e-mail, which is email that is sent to
recipients who have not "opted-in" to mailings from the user. Users who send
mass mailings must maintain complete and accurate records of all consents and
opt-ins and provide such records to Kloud51 upon its request. If a user cannot
provide positive and verifiable proof of such consents and opt-ins, we will
consider the mass mailing to be unsolicited. Users are prohibited from
operating mailing lists, listservs, or mailing services that do not target an
audience that has voluntarily signed up for e-mail information using an "opt-
in" process or that has made their e-mail addresses available to a user for
distribution of information. Users who operate mailing lists must maintain
complete and accurate records of all consents and "opt-in" elections and
provide such records to Kloud51 upon its request. If a user cannot provide
positive and verifiable proof of such consents and "opt-in" elections, we will
consider the list mailing to be unsolicited. Any user-maintained mailing list
must also allow any party on the list to remove itself automatically and
permanently. Other prohibited activities include, without limitation, the
following:

  * use of our network for the receipt of replies to unsolicited mass e-mail;
  * forgery of e-mail headers (spoofing);
  * spamming via third-party proxy, aggregation of proxy lists, or installation of proxy mailing software;
  * configuration of a mail server to accept and process third-party messages for sending without user identification and authentication;
  * hosting web pages advertised within "spam e-mail" sent from another network (spamvertising);
  * hosting web pages or providing services that support spam;
  * any other unsolicited bulk messages, postings, or transmissions through media such as weblog posts, IRC/chat room messages, guestbook entries, HTTP referrer log entries, usenet posts, pop-up messages, instant messages, or SMS messages; and
  * instructing others in any activity prohibited by this AUP.

If, as a result of your actions, our mail servers or IP address ranges are
placed on black hole lists or other mail filtering software systems, your VPS
may be suspended and possibly terminated upon review. If we deem your account
at risk for repeated AUP infractions, we may suspend and/or terminate all VPSs
on it.

## NETWORK

##

Although we have the ability to absorb and tolerate occasional DDoS attacks,
clients who have not purchased our optional DDoS filtering and who are
targeted with frequent and/or disruptive attacks may be suspended and/or
terminated. In addition, we do not allow port scanning or UDP floods to be
sent from our network. Accounts sending floods, port scanning, and/or creating
artificial traffic will be suspended and/or terminated. If your VPS is found
to be degrading the connection speed of other VPSs, you will be notified via
ticket and asked to reduce your usage.

## COMMONLY QUESTIONED USES

##

The following are acceptable uses provided they comply with the rest of this
AUP:

  * IRC*
  * Source games
  * Minecraft servers
  * VPN
  * Adult material
  * Video streaming
  * Torrents (must be limited to 20Mbps total)
  * Usenet (Must be limited to 20Mbps total)

*Any usage which results in any attacks against Kloud51 the company (not just the client's VPS) may result in suspension and/or termination.

## STRICTLY PROHIBITED USES

##

The following are strictly prohibited uses and may result in immediate
suspension and/or termination if discovered on your account:

  * Denial of Service (DoS) attacks
  * Port scanning
  * Botnets
  * Open proxies
  * Open DNS resolvers
  * Hola
  * Illegal downloads/Piracy
  * Virtual currency (*coin) mining
  * HentaiAtHome
  * Facebook crawlers
  * IP spoofing
  * Fake/Replica product websites
  * Phishing
  * World Community Grid, Folding at Home, or similar software
  * Prime95
  * CrystalMines
  * HYIP websites
  * Booter/Stresser websites
  * iBusinessPromoter or similar software
  * LIULIANGKUANG
  * Multics, CCcam, or any other card sharing software

Running any of the above items behind a DDoS-filtered IP is still a violation
of the AUP.

Using our IP addresses (IPv4 and IPv6) to evade IRC or forum bans is also
strictly prohibited.

## SECURITY

##

Violations of our system or network security are prohibited, and may result in
criminal and civil liability. Our servers and networks may not be used for:

  * introducing or executing malicious programs into any network or server, such as viruses, worms, Trojan Horses, and key loggers;
  * causing or initiating security breaches or disruptions of network communication and/or connectivity, including port scans, flood pings, email-bombing, packet spoofing, IP spoofing, and forged routing information;
  * executing any form of network activity that will intercept data not intended for your server;
  * evading or circumventing user authentication or security of any host, network or account, including cracking, brute-force, or dictionary attacks;
  * interfering with or denying service to any user, host, or network, such as a denial of service attack or distributed denial of service attack;
  * conduct designed to avoid restrictions or access limits to specific services, hosts, or networks, including the forging of packet headers or other identification information;
  * soliciting the performance of any illegal activity, even if the activity is not performed; or
  * using any program, or sending messages of any kind, designed to interfere with or disable a user's terminal session.

The preceding list is an example and not an exhaustive list of prohibited
activity.

## DMCA / LEGAL

##

Please report violations of this AUP, including copyright infringement/DMCA,
to abuse[at]Kloud51.com.
